# unit-4-game
this is a basic number guess game to which i added a couple of wrinkles to make the gameplay a bit more interesting. 
the user tries to match a randomly generated number between 19 and 120 by clicking on any of four buttons to which i assigned
random values between 1 & 12. i used an array of images and four more randomly generated numbers to assign random images to the four buttons.  i added a recursive loop to the function that sets the initial game board so none of the  number values or images for the buttons are repeated. i set up a click event for each button to register and record an addition to the user's score and an if/else statement to determine which of three possible outcomes of the click is appropriate: if the user wins (i.e. matches the target number exactly), a win is recorded, a sound is played, a win message is displayed in place of the instructions, and each button (or crystal) that was clicked is added to the user's collection. if the user loses (i.e. goes over the target number), a loss is recorded, a different sound is played, a loss message is displayed in place of the instructions, and up to 5 of each crystal in the user's collection is subtracted. i added a for loop to determine how many (if any) crystals to take away if there are fewer than 5 of any type of crystal. if neither of these is the case, a "click" sound is played. 
i added buttons to display or hide the game instructions and the crystal collection.
in terms of css styling, i used colors picked from the background image for the elements for continuity and used a light colored shadow to suggest backlighting.
